No matter how much i write in exam paper, they will only fail me.
I shared this news to my boyfriend though we are in huge breakup fight.
He told me:- They purposely failed you again like in last semester.
This time, I am not complaining anymore.
Mom was telling that they are jealous of me.
Dad also knows my huge potential.

For project phase-1, 4 students got full marks.
I am the only student in my class who had done own project, but never received full marks.
I wrote all these arrear papers for 2-3 months.
I took heavy pressure and stress, but i managed to complete it.
I wrote all arrears very well.
I was the first student in my class to get paper acceptance twice for international conferences (IEEE & Springer).
I missed IEEE conference since i had arrear exam. Now, Next is Springer in June this year.
I must get into job immediately after June. Because, I am so workaholic!
"My MTech college will get over in May 1st week this year".

I work so hard...
Here is a small challenge for me... 
Ask me any question from MTech subjects i took it.. I CAN ANSWER ANY QUESTIONS.
I AM THAT MUCH CONFIDENT.
This time, I tried so hard writing well.
Again, i was purposely failed.

My classmates hates me, because i am a GEEK and always finishes before deadline.
Today, i took one day leave since i was heavily sick.
For last few months, few class girls (in jealous) were asking me about my progress everytime.
I was threatened by project-incharge that she will cancel my project if i take any leave.
She is the most heartless person i had ever seen...

Then comes... project guide who never guides anything.
I send him regular updates, but he never responds.
But for authors adding, i had to add him as well as one more dummy author.
For credits, the college will nicely use me.
They never appreciate or encourage at all.
Because i am a machine, right?

My whole MTech life smashed me... And junior laugh at me because i have scary appearance.
I feel so broken by my results.
Classmates are bunking. Most of them never come itself, other students will put signature for them.
I will be always in college whole 3 days as per the rules.
I got "obedience", "discpline" and "whatever..."
Guess what? I am crying here..

KARMA will kill of those bad enemies... So, i don't need to curse them..

There is no revaluation too. Only re-totalling, which is waste to apply.
My college is NOT safe for ambitious girls at all.
I am doing masters with a goal.
Yes, i have goals in life too.

Professors never understand students. They award high marks for pet students who have no goals or ambitions.
Tomorrow, "Which company will recruit me?"
No recruiter will not understand any candidate's feelings, they want best candidates and these enemies are smashing my future.
We can't blame recruiters, because they are always busy.
As a candidate, I must a perfect-fit, right?

I am really dying to work...
Earlier in 2013, Mom wanted me to do Ph.D as well as part-time job,
But seeing me suffer, she told me:- Aswini! Do Ph.D later, because i want you to have a free life of your own.
Dad already wanted me to work only.
I love learning, but i hate blind-memorizing.

Guess what? I must spend next few months writing arrears.
What to do? Big companies prefer candidates with masters degree in engineering.
But yeah... I have a MBA from a prestigious university too.

I am good in designing architectures and workflow.
I am good in computer networking.
I am good in programming (not-expert).
I am good in understanding concepts.
A quick learner.

Do i really deserve these evil things?
.
.
.
Alright.. I will do some coding now.. or some geeky stuffs.
The sad part was:- Even some geniuses call me STUPID.
From every corner, i am getting pushed-down.
You know what?
Sometimes, I wish to be a man.
You know why?
Because men's lungs are expandable than women's lungs.
Any woman get heavy lungs pain when she gets heavy crying with heartbreak.
Wish i could expand my lungs and so, i could breathe a little.
